Just a section chief
So majestic
Wife
Who are you to dare to yell at fans?
This Miss is Fan Ruoneng, the Valkyrie of Great Xia
Mr. Fan
Subordinates see Lord Fan
Miss Fan, you came just in time
Xiao Yan
I saved you yesterday
Miss Fan must have come to kill you today to vent her anger
shut up
My husband spared you yesterday
How dare you come and touch me today?
good
Mr. Fan's husband
Do you believe it this time?
Impossible, the Fan family's agency has clearly been cancelled
This trash is also a fake dragon king
Why did you marry him?
When is it your turn to question this lady?
Husband is a fool now
Wait a minute wife
He just insulted my sister
But I bet him
Said as long as my sister didn't steal anything
He took off his clothes and paraded through the streets
Let him feel the humiliation
Delay it, be willing to admit defeat
Didn't you hear?
Say otherwise
Peel your skin